Comparing the solutions generated by the three aproaches, it can be easily verified that the quality of solution and the time to find the solution depends very much on the choice of the initial solution. From the graphs, one can observe that choosing a random solution initially doesn't really give a nice final solution as compared to the other two approaches. Also, it needs more iterations for convergence. Therefore, it appears that choosing a random solution initially is almost always a bad idea compared to other two approaches (as the chance that we land up on a good initial solution is very low given the huge number of possible solutions).

On the other hand, choosing an initial solution using nearest neighbour or euclidean approximation gives quite better final tour although comparing between the two, we can't say if one is always better as it depends on various factors. For the nearest neighbour method, the five different plots suggest that the quality of local minimum achieved by hill climbing depends on the start city as a different start city gives a different initial tour which might lead to a different local minimum. For euclidean approximation method also, it depends on the start city and how we exactly pick up a node to traverse. If there are multiple children, we could traverse them in different order which again gives different initial tour possiblly leading to a different solution.

Also from the graph in task 3, comparing the plot with start city 5 and the one with start city 3, it can be observed that it is not necessary that an initial solution with lesser cost will always give a final solution with lesser cost. This suggests that for getting a better solution, we should run the hill climbing algorithm several times choosing different initial solution instead of first finding an initial solution with the lowest cost and running hill climbing once using it.

So from the analysis we can conclude that given a problem instance, it is better to choose the initial solution carefully instead of generating it randomly as a random initial solution has a very high chance of giving a bad final solution and can also take a lot of time to find it.